# Adding styling with Sass
_add css for the basic container layout here_


# Add some style

Next, we want to add some styling to our app, not just so that it will look good (or at least ok), but also to support some key functionality, such as providing a nice big surface to click on.

Rather than just use a CSS framework like Boostrap, we'll create something from scratch.

There are several reasons why you want to do that if you are learning to code. 
You'll never really learn CSS by using something already created for you.
If you use something like Bootstrap or Foundation, you will find yourself writing CSS specific to these frameworks when customizing.

Don't get me wrong - there is nothing wrong with these frameworks, and they can be great for building web apps, but when your goal is to learn, then you should write your own from scratch.


# Add meta tags for mobile
This little meta tag is essential in allowing us to display info properly on mobile devices.

```html
<head>
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
</head>
<body><div id="app"></div></body>
```

# Add Support for SCSS (Sass)
Here, we are going to use a CSS pre-processor called SASS, which gives us a lot of benefits over just writing plain CSS.

We'll add a Meteor package to allow us to do that:

```
$ meteor add fourseven:scss
```

This package will allow us to create files in the SCSS format and then have them be automatically be converted to css.

Also, we want to add the following configuration file in our root directory:

``` /scss.json ```

```
{
  "enableAutoprefixer": true
}
```

This will automatically add vendor-specific prefixes to non-standard css attributes.

# Add SCSS Files
- add a stylesheets directory
- add a main.scss file



# Add Normalize
- we will just add normalize manually.  There are many reasons why I recommend doing it this way.
- You really just want to use it as is and not customize it.
- You don't want use something like npm where it might get updated and you didn't know.
- You don't want to get it via cdn or the like because that will require another connection to load your page.
- By doing it this way, the css will be minimified and added to the single css file generated by Meteor.

```scss
@import "core/_normalize";
```

After adding this, you should notice that your app display updates slightly (eg the font changes and there are no margins.


